AAS V3.0 Classes and Attribute Identifiers (#31)
admin-shell-io/id: aas/API/README.md

# AAS (Asset Administration Shell)

> This is the sub-namespace reserved for the "Asset Administration Shell - Part 2: Application Programming Interfaces".

Reviewer: Use correct naming "Specification of the Asset Administration Shell...

# AAS (Asset Administration Shell)

This is the sub-namespace reserved for the "Asset Administration Shell - Part 2: Application Programming Interfaces".

The document 'Details of the Asset Administration Shell Part 2: Application Programming Interfaces' [1] defines the meaning of its content and the used identifiers.

## Content

The follwing sub-namespaces are declared:
- [V1](./1/)
- [V3](./3/)

## Contact

The entries of this sub-namespace have been created by [Sebastian Bader](https://github.com/sebbader)

> on behalf of the IDTA Working Group 'Asset Administration Shell'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on behalf of the Workstream "Specification of the Asset Administration Shell" in the IDTA Working Group 'Open Technology'.
```
